Add TF 1.14 documentation for registry and fix up some other provider-related docs (#853)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/plugin/terraform-plugin-protocol.mdx

* [tf5to6server](/terraform/plugin/mux/translating-protocol-version-5-to-6): A package to translate protocol version 5 providers into protocol version 6.
* [tf6muxserver](/terraform/plugin/mux/combining-protocol-version-6-providers): A package to combine multiple protocol version 6 providers.

> The protocol v6 definition can be found [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/main/docs/plugin-protocol/tfplugin6.proto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Terraform Plugin RPC protocol version 6.10](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/main/docs/plugin-protocol/tfplugin6.proto) in the Terraform repository for the protocol v6 definition.
```
Refer to the [style guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/blob/main/docs/style-guide/general/links.md#use-descriptive-link-text-that-explicitly-tells-readers-about-the-destination-content)

* [tf6to5server](/terraform/plugin/mux/translating-protocol-version-6-to-5): A package to translate protocol version 6 providers into protocol version 5.
* [tf5muxserver](/terraform/plugin/mux/combining-protocol-version-5-providers): A package to combine multiple protocol version 5 providers.

> The protocol v5 definition can be found [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/main/docs/plugin-protocol/tfplugin5.proto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Terraform Plugin RPC protocol version 5.10](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/main/docs/plugin-protocol/tfplugin5.proto) in the Terraform repository for the protocol v5 definition.
```
